⚠️ Migrate API to use *Seconds instead of metav1.Duration fields (#12327)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/developer/providers/migrations/v1.10-to-v1.11.md

- The `unhealthyConditions` field has been renamed to `unhealthyNodeConditions` in following struct:
  - `spec.topology.controlPlane.machineHealthCheck`
  - `spec.topology.workers.machineDeployments[].machineHealthCheck`

> - The following fields in `spec.topology.{controlPlane,workers.machineDeployments[],workers.machinePools[]` have been renamed: (their type was also changed from Duration to int)

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
- All the fields of type Duration in `spec.topology.{controlPlane,workers.machineDeployments[],workers.machinePools[]` have been renamed by adding the `Seconds` suffix and their type was changed to int32, thus aligning to K8s guidelines.
```
Same in few other places
